Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me open up a note can fill me in on how you doing,
iPhone: Today I've been throwing up all morning. I've been having bad migraines. I don't really know why, but was had migraines. My whole life, but they've just been real bad last week.
iPhone: But other than I'm doing good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So physically miserable but I'm doing good.
iPhone: Yeah, mentally,
Gwenevere Abriel: Mentally, I'm good. Okay, so tell me about
Gwenevere Abriel: The thoughts that you're having that you assess I'm doing good. Tell me more about that.
iPhone: I'm just content. I've never remember how to tell you. Whenever I don't work. I don't really know what to do. And I give real anxious and that's
iPhone: Gold. I've been. I haven't been able to work the last two weeks, and I've been just content at home and just, I guess the relaxed kind of opened my eyes and it just kind of made me grateful that I wasn't doing that anymore. And regardless what I was doing working or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the relapse itself is not the negative consequence that helped you realize what really helped you realize
iPhone: Maybe change my mom, you know, the way she just haven't heard in her again, all of that.
iPhone: Just basically all the pain. I watched my family go through again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any chance you happen to have the discharge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Diagnosis from your last admission.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I don't think I do.
iPhone: My mom, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: So today, looks like the last time we reviewed your goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometime maybe January, maybe 10th or something. So let's take a peek at how you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: With your goals here. So one of them is I want to find something that will make me feel like I enjoy my life and not constantly working
Gwenevere Abriel: Really listened to your goal you set that. Do you know that
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you hear how you open. Today I'm noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. I'm not working, but there's a real like this tastes focus
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this, this has got all your attention. Like, look at me, I'm not working. I'm okay. I'm gonna be, I'm not working. I think it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It needs attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, but catch that last part, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not constantly working
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder why you set that for yourself. I wonder why deep down inside you know that's the right thing for you. Why do you think that is
iPhone: I think the main thing is because I watched my dad for all those years do and
iPhone: I saw how detrimental that was to him and my family. I just know that it'll do the same thing to me.
iPhone: Even in just my own life, my, you know, whenever the past couple years. Whenever I just work. I am miserable.
iPhone: Is no I can't be the only thing because it won't always be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see the irony that that's the one thing that you've identified is your best relapse prevention plan. The very thing that makes you miserable.
Yeah.
iPhone: Talk to my mom about living in Clovis, I just
iPhone: There's just no way to get out of clear right now. That's what I really feel like I need to do is leave here but
iPhone: I just don't have the opportunity to right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We did talk about it. What happened to that type of conversation where you
Gwenevere Abriel: Sell truck move on now, all of a sudden, I'm hearing something about Texas. Now, I don't know the distance between where you are in Texas and maybe it's a short little drive
Gwenevere Abriel: But I had in my head. I was thinking maybe he's relocating or something. I didn't know what was going on. So what's that about
iPhone: Oh, I work and I've been working well. This last
iPhone: Let's see this last week, but the week before that.
iPhone: I had when I was supposed to be working all of that week in Amarillo, and I got stuck there and was, I will. We were like a bad snowstorm in the middle of
iPhone: Like the past two weeks. There's been bad snowstorm. So we got stuck there and
iPhone: Then I got real sick with the flu last week. And so, but that's where we're building a hospital in Amarillo, so I drive there on Sunday night and come home on Thursdays. Usually, but
iPhone: The weather. I mean, I was in Amarillo, but I wasn't working because of the weather. And then I was sick and just having to sit in the hotel room, but that's what I was saying I was just, I felt content. I wasn't
iPhone: I wasn't freaking out that I was, you know, not moving or that I wasn't
iPhone: being busy all day, I was literally just had to sit there all day. But I was I just remember a and content. I don't know if it's because it was just fresh on my mind how horrible that relapse was but
iPhone: I just, I'm just in a state of mind where I'm just kind of real grateful for everything right now.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All content. Sounds like kind of unfamiliar space for you. That's not normal for you just want to check and see how many milligrams of Suboxone we prescribed from the hospital.
iPhone: What do you mean the hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought you went for your flu were admitted into the hospital.
iPhone: They didn't prescribe me in the box. And I was just taking them.
iPhone: For the flow. Yeah, they didn't prescribe me Suboxone okay
Gwenevere Abriel: What they do for you, how they help
iPhone: I just gave me
iPhone: This stuff right on to said during its XO friend for
Gwenevere Abriel: Us for nasza
iPhone: Larger and then I was the only reason that I was there is really because I couldn't drink water so they just got me rehydrate and then let me go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you attribute. Tell me what you have, you've got something wrong with one of your organs. What is that again.
iPhone: I don't have a spleen. So my body doesn't fight off infection.
iPhone: And so whenever I get sick. It's really hard for me to get better and I get sick really because of that.
iPhone: That's what started the my whole pain pill addiction, back in the day was that having my spleen removed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened, what happened to that Oregon. Do you know how it originated with the problem with this.
iPhone: Bad dirt bike rack and it actually broken to
iPhone: That's it. I lost a lot of blood internally. And so I was on bed rest for six months afterwards and
iPhone: That's kind of where it all started.
iPhone: That was in 2014 in August.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else is gonna
iPhone: I'm so sorry. When my head is just
iPhone: Out of it right now. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll stay focused on these goals, then because it's going to keep us organized
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just look at the piece of I want to find something that will make me feel like I enjoy my life. Let's say that we take out the like I want to find something that I enjoy in my life. How about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. If you don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Nobody's going to. So when do you start that journey check in with yourself. See if you're making excuses. Just check in and see
iPhone: Oh yeah I'm I've been making excuses. I just
iPhone: I in for and I don't know if it's I really just feel like I don't know what it can be, or I'm just scared to find out, or go look or I don't know I just feel like on my brain tells me, like, you'll never find it so why even go try looking for it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's I've always known what I'm drawn to. And you have liked the maybe the adrenaline. The excitement of dirt bike racing that's off the table.
iPhone: Really ever quit doing that.
iPhone: There's been that whole kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Well, why don't we just look at the attributes of it. Why don't we just look at pieces of it and see if you can check the landscape for other opportunities.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walk me through a typical
Gwenevere Abriel: Piece of this. Now, I'm not forgetting, in my mind, I'm thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad liked it. So I'm not forgetting that part. And so it's really hard to ignore that piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. This was like something he could get behind you would actually go to the races. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, isn't that you didn't get much positive attention, but this one that was gave you that
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's kind of hard for me to ignore that part. But I did say it out loud and maybe it'll come up when it comes up, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we take
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything from the day before the week before the preparation for a race. Just tell me about what that was like. What was your life like preparing for a race we just hear a little bit about it.
iPhone: Well, at the time I
iPhone: I mean the weeks and days before I would be writing day you know practice and and then
Like
iPhone: Like, like maybe day and Dave two days before the actual race, we would be at the house cleaning all the dirt bikes and servicing and whatever and loading the trailer and then we would go
iPhone: Practice.
iPhone: But it was always kind of like a family thing, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am see your mom, your sibling, your brother was involved in this.
iPhone: Yeah, my brother race tell he was
iPhone: He was younger than me when he quit. He didn't do it like I was he, he liked it but he stopped racing way before I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well with your mom.
iPhone: She was just she was actually more supportive of it, then my, my dad was she would because in the beginning, my dad. He really didn't care about it. He hated going, he didn't want to come in. Whenever I started racing professionally is kind of whenever he
iPhone: started coming around. So before that. My mom is always the one taking me in the truck and she would be the only mom out there with their kids, you know, everyone else's dad would be there, but my mom was always the one that kind of took me and my brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about food preparation and how would your mom kind of help with that.
iPhone: That's what I'm saying. I mean, like she would do all that my dad didn't ever want no part in any of that. It was all my mom and
iPhone: Then, me and my brother would load the trailer and get all the bikes ready and stuff like that. My dad, he really just didn't want nothing to do with it till you know the last like three years. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was only when it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you're making money on it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and aside from mom, taking you there was there other things, you're really aware of. Now as you really are in a space of gratitude. Is there anything else that maybe you could name that she was doing
iPhone: I mean everything she was paying for it all, she was driving after like the races and I really been tired and good in and she would drive us to two hours back to her home, whatever blade, not one in the morning after the races. I mean,
iPhone: She did a lot. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she really appreciate your
iPhone: Gratitude. She
Gwenevere Abriel: Has she heard it and understand how grateful because I can hear it in your voice.
iPhone: I mean, I'm sure she does. I just, I don't do it enough, though I know that
iPhone: I've rarely ever felt like this, except I mean I have, I have my moments, but these last two weeks have been kind of overwhelming that feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of you cried it all these last two weeks.
iPhone: Yeah, I was crying right before the appointment, you are crying.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then at the race itself kind of let me into what goes on there.
iPhone: Oh, there was just
iPhone: It kind of had that feel like a like a barbecue like whenever all your friends would come over, you know, and it was just kind of like a party.
iPhone: I mean all my friends from. I mean, that's where all my friends were back then, you know, that's where my life was so all my mom's our parents, friends, all my friends. That's where they were all that that was just kind of our life back then.
iPhone: There was something he kind of looked forward to
Gwenevere Abriel: And your friends to
Gwenevere Abriel: The socialization revolves around that, too.
iPhone: Yeah, like it was. I mean, I was all I was going every weekend, like we were driving all across the country. So that was pretty much everything we were
iPhone: They put a lot into it, trying to get me.
iPhone: To where I could go pro, but whenever I got heard it just kind of all went out the window and
iPhone: I just, I don't think I've ever really found anything since then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's why we're having this discussion. Yeah, sounds like it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So involved. Again, we're back to it be this bigger than just I'm in an office doing my own thing, there was also this socialization part you're with your mom driving, sometimes your with your brother also driving and mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And later on was everybody together.
iPhone: Yeah, my dad would come later on, like, once you finally got it with the last three or four years of it. He went
iPhone: And started buying trade shows, and all kinds of shit active I you know he was all for it. But
iPhone: My mom was there from the very beginning. And my dad just kind of out of nowhere. The last three or four years. I don't know what changed. And I said, I don't know.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what were you thinking about when you were crying before you came on and that was me.
iPhone: And throwing up on one. I was just frustrated that I was still throwing I threw up like literally five minutes before I came into the thing and I was thinking I was gonna have to miss it again and
iPhone: I've just had a rough 24 hours. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, know there's a lot of loss, you know, the more I delve into this more. I hear this is not this is this was everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds more and more like that was a huge loss.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if sort of diving right away into this chemical dependence means that you didn't get to grieve it. I'm sure other counselors have brought that up with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: This this men.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love. I mean, this is massive. I don't know many people were the whole family rallied
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, that's a lot of pressure on you also did a good. I mean, finally, you've got your dad's frickin attention, you know, an office time, energy, and money that your mom has given. I mean, yes, it's exciting for you, but was there ever times when it felt like I have to win.
iPhone: That's how it always felt it was always a lot of pressure, like that. And my dad was
iPhone: Always really hard on me whether I did good or not, even if I when he's telling me I did something wrong. Still, so it was always rough
iPhone: But I genuinely thought that's the only way I was gonna, you know, make a living for myself by growing up and I didn't think there was another option.
Gwenevere Abriel: I imagine, it'd be kind of scary to not know what you want to do.
iPhone: Yeah. And then my whole. I mean, growing up, my dad and grandpa never wanted me to work for the company and pushed me away and away and away from it and
iPhone: Then whenever I finally
iPhone: You know, I, that was my only option. I just felt like I
iPhone: Like I was just so close to getting out of Clovis and being good. And then I just fell right back in.
iPhone: Like everybody else did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do think it would be a good
iPhone: Idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: To find new passions, but it's an easy thing for me to say you had one and now it's time to look for this second career, you had one, right, much like many athletes when they enter their knee, like do something
Gwenevere Abriel: It's got a shift.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They thought it would be this, and I know I gotta have to shift.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your much like that in that kind of you know you're an athlete and you got hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's keep finding some some characteristics or this
Gwenevere Abriel: It might not be
Gwenevere Abriel: Where everyone rally together, you don't have your father alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might not be where your mom drives me somewhere, I'd be different now. Right. But you can still get excited and you can be proud of it. And you can share it with your family.
iPhone: Yeah, I just don't know. But at the moment, what that would be. I just
iPhone: I don't know. I honestly don't find joy and nothing else like that's what I I still watch it all the time on TV. I mean, on the TV right now. Like I just because that's what I
iPhone: Still kind of revolves around it. You know, like I still go to races and watch and
iPhone: I, I mean, like all over social media that's like what the famous people I followed. That's what you know they are. I don't. It's still my life kind of revolves around. I'm just not racing and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a role that is on the outside that coaches that is there another role that you're not directly writing. I have no idea. I'm just
iPhone: Curious, I mean there is just not in a town like this in a smaller town like this. I mean, I'd be somewhere.
iPhone: Where like it kind of falls like the bigger city mostly like California is where it all.
iPhone: Kind of
iPhone: Arizona.
iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So try this on. Close your eyes with me. If you're comfortable on clotheslines you don't feel like I'm staring at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just picture that you have resources that all of that just wasn't an issue you
iPhone: Wake up and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine yourself being in Arizona, or maybe in California me tell me which one is easier to imagine
iPhone: Probably California
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. So you're in California.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: We haven't developed these Yoko or want to. Okay. I want you to imagine speed figures didn't exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that we're going to use our creative imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture right the protective see here
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone that has the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: Qualities of protecting you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no ambivalence. It can be real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around that
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is a picture someone something, it can be an animal can be a real person imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a protector. It's like the embodiment of the quality of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And once you have it in your mind, just tell me what it is. Or maybe it's a combination of a few things or color.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes up
iPhone: Oh no, nothing really came up my mind just kind of blank right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay. Let's try another one. For some people, that one's a hard one to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: Some picture being in California right
Gwenevere Abriel: If you've been there before. You've seen kind of area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to picture someone that real or imagined. Once you're ready your development. That's a nurturing configure that's someone who really wants the best for you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's okay if you cry.
iPhone: In here you know
Some tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to picture figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone know ambivalence know mixed feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: About
Gwenevere Abriel: Who comes to mind when you think of a nurturing figure
iPhone: A MOM.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be present with that wanting the best for you. She wants your growth your development. No. If ands, or buts.
Gwenevere Abriel: She has represented that and you can kept images of it. You can picture the tone of voice wanting that for you. Pitch Perfect.
iPhone: Right, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anyone else or anything else to kind of combined with nurturing figure, we've got it pretty much done with mom.
iPhone: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So does the third one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: A wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure someone something real or imagined that it's wise.
And body's wisdom.
iPhone: Of my grandpa. Yeah, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does your grandpa know
Gwenevere Abriel: Who would be great protective figure for you.
iPhone: So that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your grandpa. I know who would be
Gwenevere Abriel: A great protective figure you have trouble finding that one but he's wise he may know I know this is all an imagination, but just go with me.
iPhone: I'm sure he does, but he he passed away in April.
iPhone: I just don't
iPhone: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. You don't have to, you know, feeling well. These are hard things to get to, even on a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Describe your grant us wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you know that's true.
iPhone: I don't know. He just always
iPhone: Whenever I was going through whatever he always just had something to say. So I'm wise, what you know whatever about the situation that made it easier. I can't think in one
Minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, he is here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Somehow he there's something he could say you could be going through a tough time
iPhone: Like a perspective change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the situation better he would change your perspective.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just check in and see if he has any doesn't mean he's the one we're going to just check in with him and see if he
Gwenevere Abriel: Has
Gwenevere Abriel: Any protective qualities to them.
iPhone: Might be missing that yeah i don't know i don't know just blank. Um,
iPhone: I don't know. Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't surprise me. I mean, you've had a pretty hostile history right we've got this whole, like, that's what's missing you needed
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't surprise me that one's hard to come up with. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what about going to, let's go to the Oculus. Let's go superheroes. For some people it's like an Iron Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be from a novel TV show one. There's no ambivalence. It's just like, yeah, he
Gwenevere Abriel: Completely protect me some people, it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Mama Bear protecting its cup or it's a lion, something like that, that it's absolutely
iPhone: I don't know, I just think of myself. I got feel like I'm the one that's always last few years had to do it. I don't know.
iPhone: Okay. I mean, I've been through, but in my head just I feel like I've been don't want to tend to look out for me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, right. All right. I think that's just fine. So there's a big part of it. That's your adult self that you know how to protect the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's you. So we're going to call it the adult
Gwenevere Abriel: adulterer. I think that's smart. You came up with that. I think it's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would it have been nice right if you didn't have to. And that's where this other piece will come in. But I think over time will it'll, it'll change and we can we can find a modify it. So now let's do just a little bit of work here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go inside your imagination. I want you to picture your adult self.
Gwenevere Abriel: That ability to register a boundary ability to register an emotional and physical boundary. When someone is threatening you when you perceive threat when there's actual danger. You know what to do and you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the quality of a protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so go there, hold on to it. We're not done yet. We got two more critters to get around.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got that and then kind of bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: This resource of your mom as a nurturing figure just be president that you get to register boundaries, emotional and physical as a protective figure and then you're interacting with your mom wants the best for you and your
development and growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And bring in Grandpa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is wise.
iPhone: And if you can picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: All three of these
Directing with each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you see them interacting in a really
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice bow and harmoniously
Gwenevere Abriel: I see their faces.
hear their voices.
iPhone: Last year has been so hard.
iPhone: Because I don't whenever my dad died.
iPhone: Me, My mom kind of helped me together.
iPhone: And then
iPhone: It's just like that. I mean, my mom still here, but
iPhone: I still feel like I'm alone now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tell you seem like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not and that's what this, this does. I know it may seem simple, but when you let us in. These are actually true experiences for you. Your mom was and is that got in the way with the addiction stuff. Okay. But that's real.
Gwenevere Abriel: She really does want the best for you showed you with that resource and remember how grateful you were earlier. She really showed you. That's real.
Gwenevere Abriel: You denying yourself access to it because maybe you're mad at yourself, calling itself names. I don't know what. But that's real. She loves you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your grandpa, although he wasn't perfect right he had a gift, getting you out of whatever negative thought you can he can turn it and you could see the other side of something
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that because you were able to see it if
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't understand something. This you really kind of kicked it around and really know
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how
To change your perspective to
You do.
And it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Into what's going to feel like growth and development. It's in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hear you. It's felt lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else you thinking about
iPhone: My mind just kind of blank right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay to
iPhone: Just having a bad migraines.
Gwenevere Abriel: So definitely don't want to do
The
Gwenevere Abriel: Eye Movement stimulation stuff when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Go on to these microphones usually my
iPhone: Not sometimes they'll be for a whole day. Sometimes it's been our sometimes
iPhone: It's a couple hours sometimes it's 20 minutes out of it just
iPhone: Haven't had them in a long time, but just last week I've had a
iPhone: Few of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you even in your own family listen closely to your own family organized. Now, do you even know how to be
Gwenevere Abriel: A son.
iPhone: Oh no, that's what I'm saying it doesn't feel like
iPhone: My life doesn't even feel like real life anymore. It's so foreign to me. I don't. That's how only way I know how to explain it really yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It kind of looks like that out here like it's so different. Right. I was taking all these notes and this was everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was family. This was friendship. This was driving and sleeping and eating hearing and cleaning and organizing it.
It's gone.
iPhone: And then I kind of built my new life in Midland and how this whole new community that I
iPhone: I had countless numbers of people I could call from a just a community in
iPhone: Then I kind of had to get, you know, leave that whole life behind to just out of nowhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: This this thing earlier when we were talking because we got far we went all the way into I actually could see how my recoveries on the line, I might need to sell my truck. We got that far. Now maybe you play hitting me but you got that bear with me, at least, out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe got scared, whatever, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know your worst out right to get back to that sense of community. This alone feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be in tough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be heading towards
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back to using I'm scared.
iPhone: I bought I feel the same way and I, I've told my mom and try to figure out something we just haven't been able to yet. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear that word. I got it. Like, even
Gwenevere Abriel: This sense of community. I've heard it before. And guess what that family was this. I'm not alone. And I just, I think it's not something to ignore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean what, what exactly is more important than connection to people that care about you. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think that's where you're going to get your answers. I think once
Gwenevere Abriel: That sense of love and community. And I think that creativity and
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I really want
Gwenevere Abriel: Your culture tour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Confidence may may come on man, Arizona, California.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what I mean.
iPhone: Well, I've experienced that. That's how it was when I was in Midland and it talks about it in a book that that's the only thing I'll keep a job. So Grace, that the a community.
iPhone: I know that I felt that I've experienced it. I just
iPhone: Got that here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to actually do it. Are you waiting for you to make you
iPhone: Know I'm just i i
iPhone: I just don't have the financial resources to go anywhere. Like, I don't, I can't afford to pay rent somewhere right now that's why
iPhone: I haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your grandfather tell you about that you don't have work right now, what would he tell you
iPhone: Well, back then it was never an issue. He was just like if you feel like you need to go and live over there. I'll support you and we'll get you
iPhone: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You've had people
iPhone: Well, yeah, I've just i mean i i i didn't grow up like extremely wealthy or anything, but my grandparents were on both sides of the family and so
iPhone: My whenever my grandpa died and my dad died. My mom doesn't I make more money than my mom does. So I've been kind of having to help her, and my brother with stuff and
iPhone: I also feel obligated to stay here and help them because I'm paying for a lot of stuff you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you hear you.
Oh, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to get back into this community. I can tell you your mom wants you to be
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it alone. Unless you're feeling supported and connected and and this is not something, your mom is
Gwenevere Abriel: People in those friends.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You put you first. It's not selfish. It's not me tell you something. Once you get your back grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can start to see. Oh my gosh. I can't believe I didn't think I
Was completely incorrect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course, you can get
Of course, you can't
Gwenevere Abriel: You just, you don't know that right now.
Okay, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's scary, but you don't have to already know what job. It is
Gwenevere Abriel: That this thing of having to help your mom, you can help her from somewhere else later on when you're more
Gwenevere Abriel: Risky
iPhone: Thing. Like, I don't have. I have to either work to pay these bills that I have every month or I don't have that.
iPhone: I don't know how to I don't have money to pay rent somewhere where I'm staying right now I don't pay rent. And so if I leave and go try to find a new job somewhere in this new city I gotta find a place to stay. TO PAY RENT. AND THEN I GOT TO FIND THE JOB AND
iPhone: I don't have money to live off of in between that, like, I'm just living paycheck to paycheck right now I don't have anything
Gwenevere Abriel: And we already talked about where that money's going right now you have this image. I think it's a little. I don't want to say it's materialistic. But is it possible
iPhone: Even to sell my car. Like, I can't sell it without
iPhone: I can't even sell it, because I'm
iPhone: I can't make enough for it to pay it off. Like, I don't have enough money to even sell the car like I'm stuck in the car. I can't sell it, if I wanted to.
iPhone: Unless I got money to pay off that extra four or 5000 whatever it was that we check. I've already checked about trying to sell the car, but
iPhone: Under like five grand, so that I don't have. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's So mom doesn't understand this isn't brainstorming with you, like, for example, could you could shoot. All right, this kind of conversation. Could she is it or is she still so resentful. And I don't know first
iPhone: One out me try to figure out how to sell the car and we just, there's just not a way to do it at the moment, like where
iPhone: There's just not other than giving it back to the bank, which would run her credit and I have just
iPhone: Her credit. Well, yeah, she's my name is on it, but she co sign for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said there's more pressure, you mentioned
iPhone: And so I just
iPhone: She's been trying to help me find it a way out and somewhere to go. We both been looking at just we just haven't found it yet. She agrees. I need to be out of Clovis, she just
iPhone: She doesn't and she's even the one. Tell me, like, I don't know how to do it without your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so she's too.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and your grandfather's passed away and your dad has passed away. So these people that normally you'd be able to
Kind of continue to grow with
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And mom needs to stay there.
Assuming
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is that
iPhone: She just has like, a year and a half left so she retires from her job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she'll be able
Gwenevere Abriel: To take off. I'm retirement.
iPhone: I don't know. I don't know anything about any of that. I just invite growing up. I just know that like I make the same money. My dad did growing up right now. And so
iPhone: He was kind of paying for all of me and my brother stuff. And most of the bills, good my mom doesn't make very much money. And so now I kind of stepped into that. So that's where all
iPhone: I don't know, it's just hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is hard. It is hard. It's gonna be okay. You guys are eating, you're on cell phones. You're driving around you're okay, you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And things aren't going to be all
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it will all fall apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if you start
iPhone: To this
Gwenevere Abriel: Future and dumped just
Gwenevere Abriel: In the moment
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're, you're saying that you're over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Content.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm curious about how your how you're doing that is completely
Gwenevere Abriel: Off some thoughts. How are you pulling it off, you know,
iPhone: I don't even know. Honestly, it's just that that feeling that I usually get whenever I'm not at work. That tells me that
iPhone: This would be a lot easier to get through this time. If I could just use while I'm not working. And then whenever I have to go back to work off stop that just not there. I don't have
iPhone: All right. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to ask it to show up.
iPhone: And it's usually a lot different. It just feels like the Suboxone isn't doing its job. Whenever I'm not working and I feel like I'm real jittery and like I just need something more is what I feel like okay oh like that. The last two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me make sure I heard it, because I think I just heard the opposite of that. So let me just make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Last two weeks. The Suboxone doesn't seem to be pushing the cravings.
iPhone: Know it this last two weeks, it has been in the past when I'm not working. That's kind of what it feels like it like it's not working.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have gone to taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: You're taking it once or a couple times a day. Yeah.
iPhone: Twice a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, that's something to be grateful for grateful.
iPhone: For it. Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a medicine that you didn't have to kind of cold turkey it. It does. It does sit on the opiate receptors. Well, and then that craving is my
Gwenevere Abriel: So that is something else to be grateful for. It's getting you some time to maybe think what
Gwenevere Abriel: You could do about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can still be okay. Today you what
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to do for the latter today, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of live this moment at a time.
iPhone: I'm about to go take a shower after this. But then I was supposed to go clean my aunt and my grandma's card just
iPhone: And then come home and I'm going to church tonight at six, and that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Online fellowship
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
iPhone: Not, I just can't find. I mean, there's some and there's a few in fatalis but there's only like two times a week and
iPhone: I just honestly haven't gave it any chance I just haven't got up and went over there and done it.
iPhone: And then there's not there's one in a meeting on Thursday at 1pm that I can't go to, because I'm not in town. And then there's Celebrate Recovery here on Sunday nights, but I, me and my mom went to it. On Sunday, but usually I'm out of town for work and miss it well.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I just asked you was online.
iPhone: Oh no, I haven't looked online like
Gwenevere Abriel: you're robbing yourself. You can go online and join meetings dissipate find community through the Internet, same when you join
Gwenevere Abriel: These groups and I'm going to tell you something. You can write this down to you can come in here, you have to pay for it, right. That's right. Lee was going to say we know you can join some of our other groups, you just drop in
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would get online. I don't have it right in front of me, but I did some research myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reason why you can't find it. Just online so report online. A Na, you're going to see it, you'll run into two or three of them really he
Gwenevere Abriel: can sign up for stuff participate in, in, in, I think they have the teleconference or maybe it's just something that will find out could be spending time researching
iPhone: Oh well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you're going to be okay. It's the thought, I'm not going to be okay.
That will probably
Gwenevere Abriel: You are going to be
iPhone: All you have to get
Gwenevere Abriel: This moment. That's why you got to do the next right thing next right thing happens. So maybe it's just a list of things to do. I just
Stopped
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll meet again no deep psychotherapy stuff because you're not feeling eventually right you're feeling better. Let's get back on target with that. Alright, so what do I need to send to
Gwenevere Abriel: A doctor
Gwenevere Abriel: And as far as medication.
iPhone: Or just I ran out yesterday. I just need my soapbox. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you haven't had any today.
No.
iPhone: I haven't had any today but
iPhone: I want to say.
iPhone: I don't know. I think you sent a prescription in this week and my mom picked it up and I just forgot to get it from my mom. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you, how are you, how are you doing that. Are you on something else. How would you, how are you
iPhone: This morning, because all morning. I had been throwing up and
iPhone: I just hadn't even thought about it until you said it just now.
iPhone: I'm just rough. I've been up since about 2am throwing up with this migraine. Okay.
iPhone: But I want to say now that you said that he sent a three and for today to get me through today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you haven't picked it up. So I'll just say maybe
iPhone: Mom did pick it up. I just
iPhone: actually think I have it in the other room that she brought it last night. I just didn't, my mind's been so out of it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: All we need to do now is just talk about our next appointment so let's
See
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It's the 21st
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a you have some restriction, as far as, you know, assuming you're working right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're probably Friday's you're off on Fridays. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you enjoy group because community.
iPhone: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Assuming you want to get back into her Friday.
iPhone: Yes that's me. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I'll get you in there and then
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just take it from there. Okay.
iPhone: All right. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alrighty. Check out that online stuff. If it helps. Um, I'm going to ask you about it include
iPhone: All right. Oh well.
Gwenevere Abriel: The little pressure. I don't know, maybe it will help you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: A little and grow.
iPhone: All right, thank you going
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll send a message.